This guy as a young man had a dream a dream to become a big movie star to come to a
Hollywood and to become a great director and producer and a writer and all those kind of dreams
He had of course everyone told him it can't be done
But, you know, he wouldn't take no for an answer and he moved across from New York to Los Angeles to Hollywood
And of course one day after struggling as we all do in the beginning to get into TV and in the movies
He had this idea of writing a script and in longhand he wrote this script
Which was Rocky?
It's all about dreams, you know, and by the way dreams cost nothing they're free
the hard part is just keeping them going and please keep them going because
We're here for one simple reason he believed in the dream
I believed in the dream and our dreams come true and there's no reason every one of yours. Can't either I
Used to sit in this little apartment in that I was a room with my factory was so small
Remember I was able to open up the window and close the door while sitting on the bed at the same time
it was like eight feet by eight feet by nine feet and but
The one thing about that room there was really very little distraction
so I would sit there propped up in bed and I go out with my big pen and a
legal pad and just start writing these these stories and and most of them were very very trivial but
there was something about the process of
Unrealized dreams. I was always brought back to this subject because I think it's one of the most
enduring subjects and one of the most difficult
Passages for people to accept that they never were realized in their own lifetime that they just didn't get that shot
I decided it was a time to come to California
so to, California
and I moved in the valley and things weren't going very well there as a matter of fact I had to confront and
Try to sell my dog because he was either
do that or
He just was not gonna be very well fed and then one night I went to see
Muhammad Ali a fight for one brief moment
this
supposed
Stumblebum turned out to be
Magnificent in the fact that he lasted and knocked the champion down I said boy
This isn't a metaphor for life his entire life crystallized at that moment. He will be remembered
For all eternity, at least it was among the fight fans. He did something extraordinary none of that
That is probably what I need as a catalyst for an idea the man who's going to stand up to life
And take one shot and maybe go the distance
So I started to write and it was one of those writing frenzies and three days later
I came up with the script of Rocky
Now the script by no means was a finished piece of material
It was probably about 90 pages and maybe 10% of it remained in the final script, but it was done
I
First met Bob shot off in Irwin Winkler and I believe I was there on on a
casting call
So we're talking a little bit and I guess I really wasn't right for the acting partner on the way out
I said, um, I don't know if it matters but I do a little bit of writing because really he says he's yeah
I'm writing this story
So I have this thing about wrestlers and I might do some of the boxing while you as well
Bringing around and I thought if I hadn't stopped on the way out
That's why I tell all actors hover haters don't give up keep talking eventually. You might hit a nerve somewhere. They go
come on back and
If they didn't say come on back or bring it later and let's see what you've developed. I wouldn't be sitting here
so I have to give incredible credit to their to their insight and their patience and they're willing to take a chance which
It doesn't exist much anymore unfortunately
Originally when I brought the script to them they were and fairly enthusiastic about it
The one thing they were not enthusiastic about was me playing the pardon and I really can't blame them at the time
But there was something inside of me that that you know
this
opportunity is never gonna come around and I really wasn't used to money and I had no idea of what I would be missing but
the temptation started to come forward first it was
25 grains and
$100,000 zero, I never heard of 100 selling because I had had like a hundred six dollars the banking
Like I said, I had to sell my dog and things were not looking very very good
My $40 car had just blown up. So I was taking a bus to work
And was still it didn't matter. I wanted to stick with it. Then I went up to 150
775 south and went up to
250,000 now my head was starting to spin and it went up to three hundred and thirty thousand and
Probably I heard it was three hundred sixty thousand and I thought all right, you know
You've really managed poverty very well. You've got this down to a science
You really don't need much to live on I had like sort of figured it out. So I was not
in in any way I
Used to to the good life, so I thought you know what?
If I know in the back of my mind if I sell the script and it does very very well
I'm gonna jump off the pole and if I'm not it
so this is one of those things where you just roll the dice and you
Fly by the proverbial seat of your pants a guy got frightened. I gotta just do it
I may be totally wrong and I'm gonna be taking a lot of people down with me, but I just believe in it
we were working with the handheld camera at the time was was Garrett Brown and it was
Somewhat experimental and he'd film me running through shopping balls and up down and steps and flights. I mean
curved corridors along the river until finally my legs basically gave out and I'm like writhing on the ground and I want to
Rise up as hey John. I'm dying here and he goes no no use it used to pain. I said for what I mean
I'm in misery because well no, no, you know, it's giving your character
It's giving him some depth I said is giving me bruises is giving me like agony
I can't sleep at night like the scene where we just jumped down and saw this ship along the dock this
Doctor long appearance it just jump out run as faster
You can launch this ship and and and I'm running and running I said, you know what my legs are buckling
I'm literally gonna crash down here. Teeth are gonna go jaw face
I'm just gonna be ground down to this flat faced image, please
Just barely made it
The world ain't all sunshine and rainbows it's a very mean and nasty place and I don't care how tough you are
It will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently if you let it you
Me or nobody is gonna hit as hard as life
But it ain't about how hard you hit it's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward how much you can take
And keep moving forward
That's how weird it is done
Now if you know what you're worth that go out and get what you're worth
but you got to be willing to take the hits and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you wanna be because of him or
Her or anybody?
Cowards do that and that ain't you you're better than that
You can't be alone
To really succeed
No, man
Really is an island when you find the right
components in your life the right people that gel with you then you feel as though you
You're invincible. It may be a fallacy
But you at least feel as though you can you can take all that life has to dish out
At the very end of our lives if we can still say, you know, and we were never humbled
we were knocked down but we got up and I can say I
Lived life with integrity and I took all the blows as the song says and I still prevailed I think that's it. That's a
Good epitaph for anyone
It's all about dreams, you know, and by the way dreams cost nothing they're free
The hard part is just keeping them going and please keep them growing because we're here for one simple reason
He believed in the dream. I believed in the dream when our dreams come true and there's no reason every one of yours. Can't either
You